Add an example of required custom instrumentation for PHP AMQP (#18584)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/trace_context_propagation/php.md

// These $headers can also be read back by \DDTrace\consume_distributed_tracing_headers from another process.
```

## RabbitMQ

> Although the PHP tracer supports automatic tracing of the `php-amqplib/php-amqplib` library starting with version **0.87.0**, there are some known cases where your distributed trace can be disconnected. Most notably, when reading messages from a distributed queue using the `basic_get` method while not already in a trace, you would need to add a custom trace surrounding the `basic_get` call(s) and the corresponding message(s) processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the PHP tracer supports automatic tracing of the `php-amqplib/php-amqplib` library starting with version **0.87.0**, there are some known cases where your distributed trace can be disconnected. Most notably, when reading messages from a distributed queue using the `basic_get` method while not already in a trace, you would need to add a custom trace surrounding a `basic_get` call and the corresponding message processing.
```
We generally avoid parenthetical plurals

Here is an example:

```php
// Create a surrounding trace
$newTrace = \DDTrace\start_trace_span();
$newTrace->name = 'basic_get.process';
$newTrace->service = 'amqp';

// basic_get call(s) + message(s) processing
$msg = $channel->basic_get($queue);
if ($msg) {
   $messageProcessing($msg);
}

// Once done, close the span
\DDTrace\close_span();
```

> Creating this surrounding trace to your consuming-processing logic will ensure observability of your distributed queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating this surrounding trace to your consuming-processing logic ensures observability of your distributed queue.
```
